This is the WTP-specific branch with EPL v2 rewrite. Be sure to check the **Copyright Tool** preference page for options, including how to specify which commits should not count as a modification. The EPL rewriting feature is disabled by default.

A built snapshot can be downloaded from https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mMlFVs7dv-VDljhL3_JbIZL7LkU89kcZ/view?usp=sharing and added to your dropins folder for use.


* Check your repository histories for move/rename comments and update the Copyright Tool Git preference page's exclusions
* Check the main Copyright Tool preference page for the default text to be inserted into unlicensed source files--it is still EPL v1.0 upstream, and the copyright assignee might not be you/your employer.
* Run the tool, check the changes (this will be affected by disk I/O speed, so use the fastest one you can). It should be writing the same output to the Console view as well as copyrightLog.txt in the workspace directory.
* Take heed of anything in the Console output under "Retains a reference to an outdated license, EPL v1.0". Those were strings referencing EPL v1's URL, but not in the copyright comment. This will typically catch any properties file values that refer to EPL v1.0.
* With a lot of files to check for the WTP Source Editing repo, I had to find a way to review them faster than through the Git Staging view. That ended up being the `git` cli. `git diff` within the local clone will show changes in a scrollable text UI. As with the less command, you can use the / key to enter a Regular Expression search string: `^diff ` (the beginning of line followed by "diff" followed by a space), which is how each file's changes begin. After pressing Enter/Return, tapping n will jump to the next regex match (meaning the next file), while N will jump to the previous one. This allowed me to flip through the largely identical changes pretty quickly, looking for incorrect indentations or other problems (e.g. "t" used instead of "*" in the copyright comment) as if they were breaking a pattern, much like a few random frames spliced into a film reel will stick out. These outliers I then corrected from within Eclipse, and in the case of test reference files that didn't have a notice on them to start with, often undid the changes to avoid tampering with the tests (ours often rely on specific character offsets in those files).
